Adding paging options for fetchGrantedAccess method (#24)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: documentation/tools/dataprotector/methods/fetchgrantedaccess.md

<pre class="language-javascript"><code class="lang-javascript">const listGrantedAccess = await dataProtector.fetchGrantedAccess({
    protectedData: '0xA0Cf798816D4b9b9866b5330EEa46a18382f251e',
    authorizedApp: '0x1f9840a85d5af5bf1d1762f925bdaddc4201f984',
<strong>    authorizedUser: '0x4a3B7c1eF78fA81bDf1aAa314D09a97578b0CA37',</strong>
    page: 1,
    pageSize:100
})
</code></pre>

### page (optional)

> Specifies the results page to return. If using this field you may also specify a `pageSize`. The default for this is `0` but if using paging, the functionality begins counting from index `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the results page to return. If using this field you may also specify a `pageSize`. The default for this is `0` but if using paging, the functionality begins counting from the value specify for this parameter.
```

Reviewer: it's not always 1

Author: What I meant here is it's 1-indexed rather than 0-indexed. I'll try to rephrase this to be more clear.

<pre class="language-javascript"><code class="lang-javascript">const listGrantedAccess = await dataProtector.fetchGrantedAccess({
    protectedData: '0xA0Cf798816D4b9b9866b5330EEa46a18382f251e',
    authorizedApp: '0x1f9840a85d5af5bf1d1762f925bdaddc4201f984',
    authorizedUser: '0x4a3B7c1eF78fA81bDf1aAa314D09a97578b0CA37',
    <strong>page: 1,</strong>
    pageSize:100
})
</code></pre>

### pageSize (optional)

> 
> Specifies the number of records in each page of the resultset. This is used in conjunction with the optional `page` parameter to constrain the size of the result. The default for this value is `20` but this only comes into play when specifying a `page` ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Specifies the number of records in each page of the result set. This is used in conjunction with the optional `page` parameter to constrain the size of the result. The default for this value is `20` but this only comes into play when specifying a `page` parameter.
```
